docs: document AI-Q 2.2 candidate scope (#322)
NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/aiq-research-assistant: docs/source/integration/agent-skills.md

```

The maintainer-skill symlinks are managed alongside the maintainer skill set;

> see the [maintainer skills README](https://github.com/NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/aiq/blob/develop/.agents/skills/README.md) for how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to the [maintainer skills README](https://github.com/NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/aiq/blob/develop/.agents/skills/README.md) for how
```
